React - react is a library , which is use to design UI of a webpage.

1- what is emmet -  webtool that help developer to write and modify the code.
 boilerplate - resulable prewritten code , which needs no modification or minimal modification to it.

2 - diff between library and framework?
library - library is the group of prewritten code , having some functionality. it is the collection of package  , 
package is the group of module

framework - freamework is the group of library , which have its own architecture .

3- CDN - content delivery network - 
network which delivers content from one module to another module 

4- why react is react?
beacause it react only when changes or modification on it (on their element).

5- what is crossorigin in script tag ?
crossorigin is a attribute, fetch the script from one domain to another domain.


6- Diff between React and ReactDOM ?
React - react is a library, to build UI of a webpage ;
ReactDOM -  it render the elemet of react in actual DOM.

7- diff between react.devlopment.js and react.production.js files via cdn?
- react.devlopment.js - react code use in the time of  devlopement of app ,  it consist some extra functionality , which as :- it gives error or warning message to user etc:


react.production.js - code use in the production time , it minify the code/ files .  // means it provides the optimize code .


8 - diff between asycnh and differ  in script tag- 

Asynch -  code run in asynch order,

 first the html code parse, when js code comes- 
 html parsing and js code fetch done parallely,
 after js code fetch when js code execution started, html parsing will paused, after js execution done reamining html parsing will resume.

 defer -  js code fetch and html parsing synchronousy, 
 but the js statemnt started executing when, html parsing done only, 

 when no asynch and defer- html parsing going on , when js code comes, html parsing paused, js code will start to fetch,
 after fetching js code, js code execution will start,
 when execution completed, remaining html code will parse.






